First release review of pipeline (#44)
nf-core/differentialabundance: README.md

On release, automated continuous integration tests run the pipeline on a full-sized dataset on the AWS cloud infrastructure. This ensures that the pipeline runs on AWS, has sensible resource allocation defaults set to run on real-world datasets, and permits the persistent storage of results to benchmark between pipeline releases and other analysis sources.The results obtained from the full-sized test can be viewed on the [nf-core website](https://nf-co.re/differentialabundance/results).

## Pipeline summary

1. Generate a list of genomic feature annotations using the input GTF file.

> 2. Cross-check matrices, sample annotations, feature set and contrasts to ensure consistency.

Author: Actually there's just the one set of features (right now at least!)

[![run with singularity](https://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-singularity-1d355c.svg?labelColor=000000)](https://sylabs.io/docs/)
[![Launch on Nextflow Tower](https://img.shields.io/badge/Launch%20%F0%9F%9A%80-Nextflow%20Tower-%234256e7)](https://tower.nf/launch?pipeline=https://github.com/nf-core/differentialabundance)

[![Get help on Slack](http://img.shields.io/badge/slack-nf--core%20%23differentialabundance-4A154B?labelColor=000000&logo=slack)](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/differentialabundance)[![Follow on Twitter](http://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%40nf__core-1DA1F2?labelColor=000000&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/nf_core)[![Watch on YouTube](http://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-nf--core-FF0000?labelColor=000000&logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/nf-core)

## Introduction

**nf-core/differentialabundance** is a bioinformatics pipeline that can be used to analyse data represented as matrices, comparing groups of observations to generate differential statistics and downstream analyses. The initial feature set is built around RNA-seq, but we anticipate rapid expansion to include other platforms.

> **nf-core/differentialabundance** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for differential abundance analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

On release, automated continuous integration tests run the pipeline on a full-sized dataset on the AWS cloud infrastructure. This ensures that the pipeline runs on AWS, has sensible resource allocation defaults set to run on real-world datasets, and permits the persistent storage of results to benchmark between pipeline releases and other analysis sources.The results obtained from the full-sized test can be viewed on the [nf-core website](https://nf-co.re/differentialabundance/results).

## Pipeline summary

1. Generate a list of genomic feature annotations using the input GTF file.
2. Cross-check matrices, sample annotations, feature set and contrasts to ensure consistency.
3. Run differential analysis over all contrasts specified.
4. Optionally run a differential gene set analysis.
5. Generate exploratory and differential analysis plots for interpretation.

> 6. Build an HTML report based on R markdown, with dynamic plots (based on Plotly where possible) and tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Build an HTML report based on R markdown, with interactive plots (where possible) and tables.
```
